      👉... Keywords...👈
________________________________
✍️✍️.. Keywords are also known as reserved
words.This meaning is understand by java compiler.

There are fourty-eight java keywords.
They are:=>
____________

⭐1).abstract: Java abstract keyword is used 
to declare an abstract class. 
An abstract class can provide the implementation of the interface.
It can have abstract and non-abstract methods.
⭐2).boolean: 
Java boolean keyword is used to declare a variable as a boolean type. It can hold True and False values only.
⭐3).break: 
Java break keyword is used to break the loop or switch statement. It breaks the current flow of the program at specified conditions.
⭐4.)byte: 
Java byte keyword is used to declare a variable that can hold 8-bit data values.
⭐5).case:
Java case keyword is used with the switch statements to mark blocks of text.
⭐6).catch:
Java catch keyword is used to catch the exceptions generated by try statements. It must be used after the try block only.
⭐7).char:
Java char keyword is used to declare a variable that can hold unsigned 16-bit Unicode characters
⭐8).class: 
Java class keyword is used to declare a class.
⭐9).continue:
Java continue keyword is used to continue the loop. It continues the current flow of the program and skips the remaining code at the specified condition.
⭐10).default: 
Java default keyword is used to specify the default block of code in a switch statement.
⭐11).do: 
Java do keyword is used in the control statement to declare a loop. It can iterate a part of the program several times.
⭐12).double: 
Java double keyword is used to declare a variable that can hold 64-bit floating-point number.
⭐13).else: 
Java else keyword is used to indicate the alternative branches in an if statement.
⭐14).enum: 
Java enum keyword is used to define a fixed set of constants. Enum constructors are always private or default.
⭐15).extends:
Java extends keyword is used to indicate that a class is derived from another class or interface.
⭐16).final: 
Java final keyword is used to indicate that a variable holds a constant value. It is used with a variable. It is used to restrict the user from updating the value of the variable.
⭐17).finally: 
Java finally keyword indicates a block of code in a try-catch structure. This block is always executed whether an exception is handled or not.
⭐18).float:
Java float keyword is used to declare a variable that can hold a 32-bit floating-point number.
⭐19).for:
Java for keyword is used to start a for loop. It is used to execute a set of instructions/functions repeatedly when some condition becomes true. If the number of iteration is fixed, it is recommended to use for loop.
⭐20).if: 
Java if keyword tests the condition. It executes the if block if the condition is true.
⭐21).implements:
Java implements keyword is used to implement an interface.
⭐22).import: 
Java import keyword makes classes and interfaces available and accessible to the current source code.
⭐23).instanceof: 
Java instanceof keyword is used to test whether the object is an instance of the specified class or implements an interface.
⭐24).int:
Java int keyword is used to declare a variable that can hold a 32-bit signed integer.
⭐25).interface:
Java interface keyword is used to declare an interface. It can have only abstract methods.
⭐26).long: 
Java long keyword is used to declare a variable that can hold a 64-bit integer.
⭐27).native: 
Java native keyword is used to specify that a method is implemented in native code using JNI (Java Native Interface).
⭐28).new: 
Java new keyword is used to create new objects.
⭐29).null: 
Java null keyword is used to indicate that a reference does not refer to anything. It removes the garbage value.
⭐30).package: 
Java package keyword is used to declare a Java package that includes the classes.
⭐31).private: 
Java private keyword is an access modifier. It is used to indicate that a method or variable may be accessed only in the class in which it is declared.
⭐32).protected: 
Java protected keyword is an access modifier. It can be accessible within the package and outside the package but through inheritance only. It can't be applied with the class.
⭐33).public: 
Java public keyword is an access modifier. It is used to indicate that an item is accessible anywhere. It has the widest scope among all other modifiers.
⭐34).return: 
Java return keyword is used to return from a method when its execution is complete.
⭐35).short: 
Java short keyword is used to declare a variable that can hold a 16-bit integer.
⭐36).static: 
Java static keyword is used to indicate that a variable or method is a class method. The static keyword in Java is mainly used for memory management.
⭐37).strictfp: 
Java strictfp is used to restrict the floating-point calculations to ensure portability.
⭐38).super:
Java super keyword is a reference variable that is used to refer to parent class objects. It can be used to invoke the immediate parent class method.
⭐39).switch: 
The Java switch keyword contains a switch statement that executes code based on test value. The switch statement tests the equality of a variable against multiple values.
⭐40).synchronized: 
Java synchronized keyword is used to specify the critical sections or methods in multithreaded code.
⭐41).this: 
Java this keyword can be used to refer the current object in a method or constructor.
⭐42).throw: 
The Java throw keyword is used to explicitly throw an exception. The throw keyword is mainly used to throw custom exceptions. It is followed by an instance.
⭐43).throws:
The Java throws keyword is used to declare an exception. Checked exceptions can be propagated with throws.
⭐44).transient: 
Java transient keyword is used in serialization. If you define any data member as transient, it will not be serialized.
⭐45).try: 
Java try keyword is used to start a block of code that will be tested for exceptions. The try block must be followed by either catch or finally block.
⭐46).void: 
Java void keyword is used to specify that a method does not have a return value.
⭐47).volatile: 
Java volatile keyword is used to indicate that a variable may change asynchronously.
⭐48).while:
Java while keyword is used to start a while loop. This loop iterates a part of the program several times. If the number of iteration is not fixed, it is recommended to use the while loop.






